Now, on that health note, I have been dealing with a condition called
Ankylosing Spondylitis as previously mentioned. The dictionary
definition (*a form of spinal arthritis, chiefly affecting young males,
that eventually causes ankylosis of vertebral and sacroiliac joints*)
Long story short, it has been incredibly debilitating since a few years
prior to the diagnosis on March 23rd, 2017. It has affected all aspects
of my life, and maintaining a sole - trading business and life has only
compounded that issue. Now throughout my life (Z*ooming out further?!*)
I have always felt a disconnect to the world, sometimes not being able
to feel emotion during incredibly traumatic moments or presenting far
too much emotion during the opposite. I never felt connected to others
around me, through family, tennis, school, university, work and beyond.
I kept this bottled up and maintained a very confident, well put
together individual (J*ust look at my school grades, except for the part
about my constant disruptive nature*).

Though when looking at it all objectively, I couldn\'t maintain
friendships outside of these domains, and I quickly found I was
secluding myself to my own world. I always had a passionate mind towards
anything that was right in front of me but quickly lost interest in
anything that wasn\'t. Then here comes the kicker. It was always a part
of my family discussion, the term of ADHD
(*Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder, is a chronic
neurodevelopmental disorder that affects attention, hyperactivity, and
impulsivity, often continuing from childhood into adulthood*). But when
identifying whether or not I had it, it came with complicated, opposing
answers, left with the understanding that I was perfectly fine. But as I
grew up with this knowledge, it wasn\'t matching how I was seeing things
from my own perspective. It didn\'t even match how the world was seeing
me. I was often asked from early childhood, all the way towards
adulthood, whether I had \'something\'. And I would confidently (*often
agitatedly*) reply, \"Certain family members of mine have it, but I was
told I don\'t\"

So cut to the end of 2024, when I finally engaged in the discussion from
my own thoughts, with my psychologist. I was shown results that proved I
had ADHD (*Nathan's clinical presentation and assessment results are
strongly consistent with the following diagnosis:314.01 (F90.2)
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder; Combined Presentation, and it
very much present as a child*). Oh, then I found out that I actually was
diagnosed as a child, but that was hidden from me. WHAT. Cue Netflix
series. So why is this all relevant? Well, I started to grasp a lot
about myself through a new lens, that felt like I had put on glasses
that could fix my blurred vision. And I\'ve been on ADHD medication as
of 2025 and things are different, go figure.
